Document expected --start-at-task behavior (#3589)
ansible/ansible-documentation: docs/docsite/rst/playbook_guide/playbooks_startnstep.rst

    ansible-playbook playbook.yml --start-at-task="install packages"

> In this example, Ansible starts executing your playbook at a task named "install packages". If the play containing the task has play-level fact gathering or argument validation, the implicit play-level tasks execute first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, Ansible executes your playbook starting at a task named "install packages". If the play containing the task has play-level fact gathering or argument validation, the implicit play-level tasks execute first.
```
